and trying very hard to distract it
right now we have new hampshire zone
kevin gray radio broadcaster from WK XL
here in Concord Chris right MA they have
hosted a weekly radio show with me
called the NBA life and which we
recorded a 20 to 30 minute show every
Friday my entire NBA career hitting a
game-winning shot or some of the things
that your team did water that they play
good defense and we try to like not get
the ball to the other team more and we
passed the ball around getting an open
guy and at the last second I guess I
shot the three here at the matt bonner
basketball camp you got Pete have an
unbelievable camp talk about what you're
learning this week and not how's it
going for you so good the coach is
really great I'm running a lot it's all
the people that you meet so I finally
make a lot of new friends it's really
good to get your skills going and Matt
it's really nice to me Matt and a lot of
other camps you don't always see the
people what match those up every day
that's good that's but he's been prepped
in the matt bonner 30 second verse PR
team got done welcome to a special
edition of the n-back with matt bonner
to come to you from matt Bonners
basketball camp this week at the runup
middle school joined by all the campers
about 200 of them here in the gym luke
and matt here as we talk about the
sneakers and speakers concert also the
offseason format dead great we did the a
free basketball clinic for the sneakers
portion of our charity event on Saturday
playing the charity golf tournament on
sunday and we're back here in camp at
concord this week we haven't fun
the process of having having a goal
whatever your highest level is if you
can get to that level and you've
achieved something if I want to make the
NBA and I do everything I can to make it
there but i don't i'm still going to
pick up someone you had a good
characteristics from that hard work that
I'll be okay even though I and I can
look myself in the mirror and be okay
with that camper up here what's your
name and stand me what do you want to
ask a man look my want s mad how did it
feel to go to another country and buy
back my first year out of school I went
to playing Italy and I was picturing
when I thought of Italy I'm like I
thought yes Pizza Hut and olive garden
but no no it doesn't work like that